README.md, before:

# generator-ylem [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> React projects based on create-react-app, with ReactViewModel, Styled Components, Storybook, and tested with Jest.

## Installation

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) and generator-ylem using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (we assume you have pre-installed [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)).

```bash
npm install -g yo
npm install -g generator-ylem
```

Then generate your new project:

```bash
yo ylem
```

## Getting To Know Yeoman

 * Yeoman has a heart of gold.
 * Yeoman is a person with feelings and opinions, but is very easy to work with.
 * Yeoman can be too opinionated at times but is easily convinced not to be.
 * Feel free to [learn more about Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/).

## License

MIT © [Christopher Baker](https://www.hmudesign.com/)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-ylem.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-ylem
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem

Commit message:

add can-rest-model and can-fixture

README.md, after:

# generator-ylem [![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Dependency Status][daviddm-image]][daviddm-url]
> Update React projects to include Ylem. Supports styles with Styled Components and tests with Jest or QUnit.

## Installation

First, install [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) and generator-ylem using [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) (we assume you have pre-installed [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)).

```bash
npm install -g yo
npm install -g generator-ylem
```

Then generate your new project:

```bash
yo ylem
```

## Getting To Know Yeoman

 * Yeoman has a heart of gold.
 * Yeoman is a person with feelings and opinions, but is very easy to work with.
 * Yeoman can be too opinionated at times but is easily convinced not to be.
 * Feel free to [learn more about Yeoman](http://yeoman.io/).

## License

MIT © [Christopher Baker](https://www.hmudesign.com/)


[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/generator-ylem.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/generator-ylem
[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem.svg?branch=master
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem
[daviddm-image]: https://david-dm.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem.svg?theme=shields.io
[daviddm-url]: https://david-dm.org/christopherjbaker/generator-ylem
